sknSensors/GuestRoom/$state ready
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$homie 3.0.1
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$name Guest Room
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$mac BC:DD:C2:81:04:72
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$localip 10.100.1.230
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$nodes motion,temperature,humidity
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$stats uptime
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$stats/interval 0
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$stats/signal 50
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$stats/uptime 3267738
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$fw/name sknSensors-Rcwl_Dht22
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$fw/version 0.2.5
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$fw/checksum b3f61ac429e0d5371aff0e651759be5c
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$implementation esp8266
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$implementation/config {"name":"Guest Room","device_id":"GuestRoom","device_stats_interval":180,"wifi":{"ssid":"SFNSS1-24G"},"mqtt":{"host":"openhabianpi.skoona.net","port":1883,"base_topic":"sknSensors/","auth":true},"ota":{"enabled":true},"settings":{"sensorsInterval":300}}
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$implementation/version 3.0.0
sknSensors/GuestRoom/$implementation/ota/enabled true
sknSensors/GuestRoom/motion/$name Humans Present
sknSensors/GuestRoom/motion/$type motion
sknSensors/GuestRoom/motion/$properties motion
sknSensors/GuestRoom/motion/motion false
sknSensors/GuestRoom/motion/motion/$name Motion
sknSensors/GuestRoom/motion/motion/$datatype boolean
sknSensors/GuestRoom/motion/motion/$unit s
sknSensors/GuestRoom/temperature/$name Room Temperature
sknSensors/GuestRoom/temperature/$type temperature
sknSensors/GuestRoom/temperature/$properties degrees
sknSensors/GuestRoom/temperature/degrees 73.76
sknSensors/GuestRoom/temperature/degrees/$name Degrees
sknSensors/GuestRoom/temperature/degrees/$datatype float
sknSensors/GuestRoom/temperature/degrees/$unit ºF
sknSensors/GuestRoom/humidity/$name Room Humidity
sknSensors/GuestRoom/humidity/$type humidity
sknSensors/GuestRoom/humidity/$properties percent
sknSensors/GuestRoom/humidity/percent 36.80
sknSensors/GuestRoom/humidity/percent/$name Percent
sknSensors/GuestRoom/humidity/percent/$datatype float
sknSensors/GuestRoom/humidity/percent/$unit %
sknSensors/$broadcast/alert Anyone can view broadcasts on a Homie Network
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$state ready
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$homie 3.0.1
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$name Home Office
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$mac 84:F3:EB:B7:55:D5
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$localip 10.100.1.163
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$nodes motion,temperature,humidity
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$stats uptime
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$stats/interval 0
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$stats/signal 66
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$stats/uptime 501549
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$fw/name sknSensors-Rcwl_Dht11
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$fw/version 0.2.4
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$fw/checksum c611ea5e1ac62a100617c8ecf6231583
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$implementation esp8266
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$implementation/config {"name":"Home Office","device_id":"HomeOffice","device_stats_interval":180,"wifi":{"ssid":"SFNSS1-24G"},"mqtt":{"host":"openhabianpi.skoona.net","port":1883,"base_topic":"sknSensors/","auth":true},"ota":{"enabled":true},"settings":{"sensorsInterval":300}}
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$implementation/version 3.0.0
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$implementation/ota/enabled true
sknSensors/HomeOffice/$implementation/ota/status 200
sknSensors/HomeOffice/motion/$name Humans Present
sknSensors/HomeOffice/motion/$type motion
sknSensors/HomeOffice/motion/$properties motion
sknSensors/HomeOffice/motion/motion true
sknSensors/HomeOffice/motion/motion/$name Motion
sknSensors/HomeOffice/motion/motion/$datatype boolean
sknSensors/HomeOffice/motion/motion/$unit true,false
sknSensors/HomeOffice/temperature/$name Room Temperature
sknSensors/HomeOffice/temperature/$type temperature
sknSensors/HomeOffice/temperature/$properties degrees
sknSensors/HomeOffice/temperature/degrees 71.60
sknSensors/HomeOffice/temperature/degrees/$name Degrees
sknSensors/HomeOffice/temperature/degrees/$datatype float
sknSensors/HomeOffice/temperature/degrees/$unit ºF
sknSensors/HomeOffice/humidity/$name Room Humidity
sknSensors/HomeOffice/humidity/$type humidity
sknSensors/HomeOffice/humidity/$properties percent
sknSensors/HomeOffice/humidity/percent 35.00
sknSensors/HomeOffice/humidity/percent/$name Percent
sknSensors/HomeOffice/humidity/percent/$datatype float
sknSensors/HomeOffice/humidity/percent/$unit %
sknSensors/$broadcast/alert Only a few take action on receiving a Broadcast!
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$state ready
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$homie 3.0.1
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$name Media Room
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$mac B4:E6:2D:15:50:3A
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$localip 10.100.1.229
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$nodes motion,temperature,humidity
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$stats uptime
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$stats/interval 0
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$stats/signal 30
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$stats/uptime 596589
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$fw/name sknSensors-Rcwl_Dht22
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$fw/version 0.2.4
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$fw/checksum 2a6ab6bbc65f645c979219216aa78f7a
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$implementation esp8266
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$implementation/config {"name":"Media Room","device_id":"MediaRoom","device_stats_interval":180,"wifi":{"ssid":"SFNSS1-24G"},"mqtt":{"host":"openhabianpi.skoona.net","port":1883,"base_topic":"sknSensors/","auth":true},"ota":{"enabled":true},"settings":{"sensorsInterval":300}}
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$implementation/version 3.0.0
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$implementation/ota/enabled true
sknSensors/MediaRoom/$implementation/ota/status 200
sknSensors/MediaRoom/motion/$name Humans Present
sknSensors/MediaRoom/motion/$type motion
sknSensors/MediaRoom/motion/$properties motion
sknSensors/MediaRoom/motion/motion true
sknSensors/MediaRoom/motion/motion/$name Motion
sknSensors/MediaRoom/motion/motion/$datatype boolean
sknSensors/MediaRoom/motion/motion/$unit true,false
sknSensors/MediaRoom/temperature/$name Room Temperature
sknSensors/MediaRoom/temperature/$type temperature
sknSensors/MediaRoom/temperature/$properties degrees
sknSensors/MediaRoom/temperature/degrees 70.34
sknSensors/MediaRoom/temperature/degrees/$name Degrees
sknSensors/MediaRoom/temperature/degrees/$datatype float
sknSensors/MediaRoom/temperature/degrees/$unit ºF
sknSensors/MediaRoom/humidity/$name Room Humidity
sknSensors/MediaRoom/humidity/$type humidity
sknSensors/MediaRoom/humidity/$properties percent
sknSensors/MediaRoom/humidity/percent 36.70
sknSensors/MediaRoom/humidity/percent/$name Percent
sknSensors/MediaRoom/humidity/percent/$datatype float
sknSensors/MediaRoom/humidity/percent/$unit %
sknSensors/$broadcast/alert Which is fine, since not everyone agrees on the action needed.
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$state ready
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$homie 3.0.1
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$name Theater IR Server
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$mac 5C:CF:7F:63:30:AF
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$localip 10.100.1.215
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$nodes irservice
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$stats uptime
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$stats/interval 185
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$stats/signal 54
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$stats/uptime 525719
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$fw/name sknSensors-IRService.d1_mini
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$fw/version 0.2.0
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$fw/checksum 998c8c18b1de92370702c723af3abbf9
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$implementation esp8266
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$implementation/config {"name":"Theater IR Server","device_id":"TheaterIR","device_stats_interval":180,"wifi":{"ssid":"SFNSS1-24G"},"mqtt":{"host":"openhabianpi.skoona.net","port":1883,"base_topic":"sknSensors/","auth":true},"ota":{"enabled":true},"settings":{"sensorsInterval":300,"onSequence":"3,2FD48B7,32 43,5006,16 3,4BB620DF,32 3,4BB6F00F,32","offSequence":"3,2FD48B7,32 43,5006,16 3,4B36E21D,32"}}
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$implementation/version 3.0.0
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$implementation/ota/enabled true
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$implementation/ota/status 206 474555/474672
sknSensors/TheaterIR/$implementation/reset false
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/$name IR Provider
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/$type theater-remote
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/$properties command,received
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/command/$name IR Broadcaster
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/command/$settable true
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/command/$datatype string
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/command/$unit %s
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/received/$name IR Listener
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/received/$datatype string
sknSensors/TheaterIR/irservice/received/$unit %s
sknSensors/$broadcast/alert Anyone can view broadcasts
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$homie 2.0.0
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$mac B4:E6:2D:53:A8:F0
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$name light
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$localip 10.100.1.233
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$stats/interval 0
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$stats/signal 54
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$stats/uptime 420
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$fw/name light-onoff
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$fw/version 1.0.0
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$fw/checksum a52afa583c2c440ad182214b9956723c
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$implementation esp8266
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$implementation/config {"name":"light","wifi":{"ssid":"SFNSS1-24G"},"mqtt":{"host":"openhabianpi.skoona.net","port":1883,"base_topic":"sknSensors/","auth":true},"ota":{"enabled":true}}
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$implementation/version 2.0.0
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$implementation/ota/enabled true
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/light/$type switch
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/light/$properties on:settable
sknSensors/b4e62d53a8f0/$online false
sknSensors/LabTarget/$homie 2.0.0
sknSensors/LabTarget/$mac B4:E6:2D:53:A8:F0
sknSensors/LabTarget/$name Blinking light
sknSensors/LabTarget/$localip 10.100.1.233
sknSensors/LabTarget/$stats/interval 0
sknSensors/LabTarget/$stats/signal 74
sknSensors/LabTarget/$stats/uptime 239047
sknSensors/LabTarget/$fw/name Homie-light-onoff
sknSensors/LabTarget/$fw/version 2.0.5
sknSensors/LabTarget/$fw/checksum 2d29afe7f4b9e25a1f0dc5c0ad2f0f2f
sknSensors/LabTarget/$implementation esp8266
sknSensors/LabTarget/$implementation/config {"name":"Blinking light","device_id":"LabTarget","device_stats_interval":180,"wifi":{"ssid":"SFNSS1-24G"},"mqtt":{"host":"openhabianpi.skoona.net","port":1883,"base_topic":"sknSensors/","auth":true},"ota":{"enabled":true}}
sknSensors/LabTarget/$implementation/version 2.0.0
sknSensors/LabTarget/$implementation/ota/enabled true
sknSensors/LabTarget/$implementation/ota/status 500 INTERNAL_ERROR 8
sknSensors/LabTarget/light/$type switch
sknSensors/LabTarget/light/$properties on:settable,vcc
sknSensors/LabTarget/light/on false
sknSensors/LabTarget/light/vcc Vcc: 3.3
sknSensors/LabTarget/$online true
